hello and welcome to the
video channel of jewelry shop punkt.de
today with this theme a magnet bot
the individual storage for yours
you need cosmetic utensils for this
a picture frame a magnetic
back wall magnets fabric a pair of pliers one
scissors and glue
First you call yourself nitrogen
the metal plate measures and cuts that
then accordingly we have it here
ever prepared next sticks
you just the fabric one
on metal plate
The fabric is nice and tight
could cast a spell and again with
hot glue or other glue
stick firmly
it does not matter if that ends
edges are not exactly fork because
they are covered by the picture frames
become
the plate and the ten euro only at
Rhine
what is still missing, of course, the make
up
that's the best way to do it
little magnets and sticks with them
hot glue or other climate bit
on
who is afraid to burn himself
also take a pair of pliers or one
Tweezers around the corresponding hand too
glue
Here you can see the finished one again
magnet board a beautiful project
the next weekend is great
Good as a present until next time